What is it?
She's acting kind of strange.
Is she talking to
her angel again?
[Temari] Really? Oh, I want!
What in the heck.
Problem?
She's talking to
herself again, as usual.
[body thuds]
What's happening?
That doesn't look good.
What's wrong, Temari? Answer me.
You know, she's tried to
commit suicide twice before.
Listen up.
Temari's exhibiting
odd behavior.
Tanaka, Yoshinaga, Kimura.
You have permission
to enter the room.
Be very careful.
[All] Roger.
[ominous music]
What's the matter
ma'am, talk to us.
[ominous music]
[energy whining]
Ugh.
I want to get out of here.
Will you help me?
[All] Of course, Miss Yuri.
[opening theme music]
What's happening in there.
Is she trying to escape?
Report in immediately!
Sir?
It's all right.
All of the doors are locked
and can't be open
from the inside.
The windows are tempered glass.
Everyone fortify
the main entrance.
Ah!
There's a whole army
of them down there.
How many red arrows have I got?
Just six left.
Dammit, that's
not nearly enough.
This way, Miss Yuri.
Don't move.
Their guns are trained on you.
No telling if they'd
really open fire,
but don't pursue her.
We're tracking her.
She's entering guest bedroom E
on the second floor with Tanaka.
[gun firing]
What the hell is he doing?
Show external cameras.
[Hoshi] I'm counting
on you, Tanaka.
[gun firing]
[glass breaking]
They took out the
whole window frame.
We have to secure Temari.
Go find her.
Teams B to G, approach
from the south!
Teams H to K, circle
around the north!
[cape fluttering]
There she is, flank
her from both sides!
--Ugh!
--We've got her!
She's been secured!
Quit struggling, lady!
restrain her right
hand and cover her eyes
or she'll shoot you.
[Tanaka laughs]
[All] Tanaka?
Dammit, we've been tricked.
It looks like she may have
escaped through
the main entrance.
I'm sorry, sir.
She outsmarted us.
[Hoshi] Good work, Tanaka.
[panting]
[Temari] I'll tell you.
Wigs sure come in handy
at moments like this.
Lucky me.
Are you Susumu?
[Susumu] Yep.
This is Mirai
Kakehashi, AKA Red.
And Saki Hanakago, AKA Yellow.
Red, huh?
I have to say, you're
cuter than I expected.
Now, since everything
went according to plan,
give me my reward for escaping.
Here are the wings
you were promised.
[wings unfurling]
These things rule.
I gotta say, I feel
like a real angel, now.
Let's go, before
anybody shows up.
I'm gonna take off now guys.
What? You're not coming with us.
It's a complicated situation.
I have a white arrow, which
is a little bit scary.
Not everybody trusts
me like Red does.
[air whooshing]
Prime Minister
Suzuki has requested
a series of summits
next week with China,
Russia and The United States.
Red for God!
Susumu's our savior.
How are they our saviors?
Now's the time to entrust
our futures to them.
People die every time a
God candidate shows up.
My family was at the
Grand Tower explosion.
Ugh, this is so plain.
Don't you have any
nicer outfits than this?
Huh?
[Temari] Oh, hello everybody.
[Temari sighs]
Including Susumu Yuito,
we've now identified five
of the six God candidates.
The chaos out there
is getting worse.
We have to hurry.
[Hoshi] Under the
circumstances before
contacting the final candidate.
We should choose who
want to become God.
Susumu made it clear,
he believes the best candidate
for the job would be Red.
Miss Temari, you support
that choice right?
[Temari] I guess so.
It really does make sense.
with Mirai's philosophy, he's
practically a God already
[Nakaumi] Practically a God?
God almighty.
Oh my God.
Good God.
I'm so sick of people carelessly
throwing the word God
around all the time.
It makes me just want
to disappear already.
You're a God candidate
and an edge Lord.
Second year?
[Nakaumi] First year.
I have to say, I get
what you mean though.
[Temari] People just
love to use the word God,
but what is God anyway?
I can't quite pin it down.
[Nakaumi] Ogaro, I'd like
to know more about God.
I don't see how
we can become God.
If we don't know
anything about him.
I understand.
I'll tell you what I can.
Hold on.
If you say too much here,
you're going to get demoted.
With the five of
them acting together,
you don't want your
partner to miss the chance
to get his wings.
[Nakaumi] I don't care
what rank my angel is.
I need a proper explanation.
Oh, very well then.
I will answer the question
you are most curious about.
[Ogaro] First, God
can make it as though
the selection process
never happened.
[all gasp]
[Ogaro] On top of that.
God can let former
God candidates
keep their wings and
all their arrows.
Are you serious?
That means I could stay
on easy street forever!
Another thing,
God has access to all
the white and red arrows
without any limits
whatsoever about their usage.
Bottom line, control
over people is absolute.
Humanity itself could be ended
if it should come to that.
That is the power of God.
Are you serious?
End humanity?
No way.
What's the matter?
What did the angel say?
Doesn't matter, none of
it bodes well for humans.
Let's not forget that
humans are creatures
who live in the
shadow of heaven.
What are you guys talking about?
Hold on, that depends
on your outlook.
It's why we need a suitable
human to become the next God.
Someone who can lead humanity
in a positive direction.
Right? That's very important.
Since God can kill
anyone with a white arrow
or correct someone's
behavior with a red arrow.
It works like this.
One of the six
remaining God candidates
becomes the new God.
That being will then
leave the planet
and watch over humanity
from heaven with the angels.
You mean that person's not
allowed to stay on earth?
What type of existence
will they have?
[Ogaro] They will create
their ideal world from heaven.
And then they will be
worshiped by humans as God.
Forget it.
You can take me out of
the running, my friend.
I wanna have fun while
I'm in this world
and lead a life of luxury.
Even if God can
create a good world.
What's the point if you
don't get to enjoy it?
Don't worry, I won't allow you
to become the new
God, Miss Saki.
I can't imagine living
in a world without you.
Wait, is that the only option?
I don't want you to
go away either, Mirai.
I chose to live for one reason.
To find happiness
here in this world.
Me too.
I'm sure Susumu feels
the same way as well.
Alright then,
shall I become God?
Shuji?
I'm not exactly
attached to this world
and you want to
live a happy life
if you have a choice, isn't
that right, big brother?
I changed the world
so you'd be able to.
But we all know that's
never gonna happen.
The other candidates won't
agree to making me God.
I'd be tempted to
create a world where
those who truly wanna die
would have that option.
I'd want to reach
out and help them.
I'd be fine with that.
They'd need to have
a really good reason
but I understand how that feels.
Now, promise me
you won't take away
my red arrow when
you become God, okay?
That's all you care about?
Well, I don't care about that.
[Mirai] Hold on. We can't
let anyone keep their arrows
or help people kill themselves.
What and why not?
Because having wings and
arrows changes the rules.
[Temari] Sorry, I don't know
what you're talking about.
Listen, when Nasse gave
me my wings and arrows
that gave me the
hope to keep living.
Once I was given
that opportunity
I decided to try to be happy.
[Mirai] So as far
as I'm concerned,
my wings and arrows
are what saved me
from my previous circumstances.
Once a new God's in place,
there's no future path for me
unless I can find happiness
without relying on them.
That's easy for you to say
you've already recovered
and attained some
self confidence.
That's right.
Maybe some of us
still can't live
without the power of the arrows.
We need them to be happy.
I'm not recovered
or self confident.
Alright, then how about this?
I'll take them from the ones
who say they don't need them
and let the ones who still
rely on them keep theirs.
If they use them in
ways I don't approve of,
I'll take them back
and use a red arrow to
correct their behavior.
And I'll change the world.
Going forward,
suicide will become
something that's acceptable.
[Mirai] You don't get it.
Encouraging people to commit
suicide isn't helping them.
People need goals and
also hope for the future.
You help them by providing
those kinds of things.
[sighs]
If you're gonna complain
about everything
why not just step up
and become God yourself?
[Susumu] Excuse me.
Yes, Susumu?
I've been listening
this whole time
and it sounds to me like
things aren't going very well.
So why don't we
put it to a vote?
Whoever gets the majority
automatically steps
into the position and
becomes the next God.
If you're good with that, swear
you'll abide by the result.
Okay, I will.
I swear.
I do, too.
Alright then, I swear.
[Susumu] Very well,
then let's vote.
Those in favor of us five
choosing Nakaumi for God,
including Nakaumi.
Aye.
I'm changing my pick from Red.
Me too.
And me
Are you sure?
He'll be good for the job.
I believe he'll consider the
feelings of vulnerable people.
I believe we can trust him.
[Susumu] Then it's decided,
I'm voting with the
majority as well.
A decision's been reached.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
Now that that's been decided,
the five of you are
able to show yourselves.
We just need to get input
from the final candidate.
[Hoshi] That will make
the decision official.
Ogaro, is this
what you expected?
It won't go that smoothly.
[Ogaro] The remaining
special rank angel, Muni,
is the angel of destruction.
So disruption is a certainty.
The angel of destruction?
Can I tell you, Mr. Yoneda,
the guest lecture you gave
at Harvard was something else.
I agree, sir, it
really spoke to me.
He ignored us again.
It's fine. Let's just go.
Why doesn't anyone realize
how absurd my lecture was?
I guess the answer is simple.
They assume it was amazing
and I must be brilliant
because I'm the youngest
person ever to receive
the Nobel prize in both
physics and literature.
[Muni] I can see
that you're scowling.
What is it you're
thinking about?
The red and white arrows again?
[Yoneda] No, I'm thinking
about meat or fish.
[Muni] You mean for dinner?
[Yoneda] It's the only subject
that has any true value anymore.
[Yoneda] My world could
disappear at a moment's notice.
And when the
world's about to end
people find themselves thinking
about what to have
for their last meal.
[water bubbling]
[fire whooshing]
Muni, you chose me
because you knew
I'd expose the angels'
true identities,
as well as how the God selection
process actually works.
If I told people directly,
I'd be demoted and unable
to fulfill my goal.
But there's no issue
with me responding
to your questions with
yes or no answers.
[Yoneda] My writings highlight
my despair with humanity.
And you took advantage
of the suicidal thoughts
that accompanied
that state of mind.
I tried to offer you
hope for your life.
[Yoneda] Then you've
misunderstood me.
What?
My despair toward
humanity is also
paradoxically, my
aspiration for humanity.
Regardless, I now find myself
haunted by a malevolent God.
[Muni] Angel.
Of course.
[Yoneda] Actually,
I shouldn't be using
the words God or angel.
The truth is I'm
still unable to prove
such entities exist, even now.
[Yoneda] And their existence
would fundamentally
contradict a good
chunk of my writings.
I only have the right to make
assumptions based
on our interactions.
[Yoneda] And you appear to
be far smarter than a human.
Ah.
[Yoneda] But we still
don't know if events
will proceed as you hope.
The odds aren't zero That
the two God candidates
I have yet to meet will
be greater than myself
or Kanade Uryu.
Would you have approved
of Kanade becoming God?
[Yoneda] No.
From a scholar's point
of view, I was interested
in observing a world gone mad.
Or maybe I was
just curious to see
something that frightened me.
[ominous music]
[Yazeli] What you
told us last night,
is it everything you know?
[Ogaro] Not really.
You haven't truly gotten
to the heart of the
matter, have you?
If I told you that I would
immediately be stripped
of my rank and would no
longer be an angel involved
in the process of
selecting the new God.
And as a result of
my recklessness,
Shuji Nakaumi would
lose his life.
[Mirai] Alright, everyone.
We need to stick to the plan.
[Saki] Got it.
[Mirai] Are you ready, Susumu?
[Susumu] Yeah.
Man, this really sucks.
I have to go out there
in this frumpy outfit?
Huh? You're looking pale kid.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Is the thought of becoming
God starting to scare you?
Course not, why would it?
I've been given wings
and a red arrow.
I should go along
with you, Miss Saki.
It's better if you focus on
your job as a police officer.
She's right, Yumiki.
Let these five handle it.
We need to prepare for
the worst case scenario.
We don't wanna repeat of what
happened with the Mukaidos.
You two need to follow Hoshi
and Yumiki's instructions.
We understand, good
luck to all of you.
Mr. Hoshi and Miss Yumiki,
we wanna thank you
for everything.
I realize.
If someone finally becomes God,
whether it's Nakaumi or not,
we'll probably forget all about
the selection process
and the candidates.
[wings unfurling]
[Mirai] Ready, Saki?
[sentimental music]
That's so sweet, are
those two together?
How should I know?
Let's go.
[wings flapping]
Look, a God candidate.
It's Susumu.
How many are up there?
I count five.
Hey, Red's showing his face.
Why are you here?
Are you gonna destroy the city?
Enough already!
Go away, you pests!
We're not very popular, are we?
They're here.
[ominous music]
No questioning.
That's Muni.
We see you, where's
your partner?
What's up, sir?
You're fidgeting
even more than usual.
Oh, are you interested in God
candidates as well, professor?
[Yoneda] Oh, yes.
Five God candidates
have appeared
in Tokyo's Yurakucho district.
Coordinate with the tactical
team and capture them.
Don't let some other
nation get them.
Hold on.
If they're in the sky,
they'll be able to escape.
They're too fast.
What to do?
[Officer] Should we attack them?
[General] Attack them?
What's the matter with you?
Are you trying to
start world war III?
[Officer] Pardon me, sir.
I suppose if we do, we might
incur divine punishment.
[General] It's not God
or the President of
the United States
who makes the world go round.
[Officer] Sir.
[Muni] Before he
reveals himself,
my partner has a request.
He wishes to know what
each of you thinks.
He says he'll decide to interact
with you depending
on your response.
Where does he come
off making demands?
What do you mean by
our thinking, exactly?
What you would do
once you become God.
He wants a five minute
overview from each one of you.
[Mirai] What we do
once we become God?
Sorry about that.
But the five of us
already got together
and decided who's
going to become God.
We'd appreciate it if you could
just give us his approval.
[Muni] Oh, how unfortunate,
negotiations have broken down.
At around 10:00 AM this morning
five God candidates appeared.
They seem to be
discussing something
but we're unable to listen
in on their conversation.
[Muni] Farewell.
Wait a minute.
If the five of us lay out
what we do once we became God
then your partner would
talk to us, right?
[Muni] I didn't say that.
I said he would listen
to your thinking
and then determine if
you're worth talking to.
The truth is my partner
is a human being
who is far superior
to any of you.
I think she's yanking
our chain and it's gross.
You're the angel of destruction.
So what is it you're planning?
What is your candidate's goal?
Ah, I see no reason
to do tell you that.
You can ask my partner about it
when you meet with him yourself.
Hey, why don't we just do it?
Sharing our thoughts
with each other
wouldn't be a bad thing.
And it sounds kind of fun.
It could be just like
a class presentation.
[helicopters whirring]
[ominous music]
[gasps]
30 millimeter cannon
ready. Targets ahead.
Ready.
You're kidding, right?
Seriously?
That's the self defense force.
They're armed to the teeth.
This can't be good.
[crowd screaming]
What's going on?
I wasn't told about this.
This makes no sense.
What's the government doing?
Who are you calling, sir?
The Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister?
Of course, what am I thinking?
He wouldn't be out of reach
for a national honor
award recipient like you.
[Prime Minister] Hello?
Minister Suzuki.
Please don't do anything
that would injure
the God candidates or
put their lives at risk.
We're attempting
to capture them now
in order to protect the
safety of the people.
The helicopters
were not dispatched
to attack them,
only to secure them.
[Prime Minister] Don't tell
me you believe in all this
God selection
nonsense, professor?
[Yoneda] What's happening
right now is a bonafide
God selection process,
Prime Minister.
As opposed to their
previous appearances.
They aren't bothering
to hide their faces.
This time, they don't have any
intention of harming anyone.
[Prime Minister] You
expect me to believe you
based only on that?
Set your watch, Prime Minister.
I'll prove it to
you within 24 hours.
For now attacking those
people is out of the question.
If anything, you should
really be protecting them.
[closing theme music]